Character name: Jack (Touched by the sun)

Story: 6000 years later the artifacts found by a group of friends activated and absorbed the sun and made it black and red
which infected people with undying curse that mutates their bodies and makes them extremely agressive and easily agitated.
When the catastrophe stuck Jack was with his family making dinner when suddenly bombs started dropping and they ran to the
basement where his mother started acting weird and killed her children except for Jack whose father protected him from his mother
and in the end killed her, this traumatised his father and he tried to kill Jack but eventually he got killed by the rubble that the bombs explosions produced
Jacks father was his only idol which he wanted to be like, but after the catastrophy he symbolised that nobody can be trusted even the closest of the family
Jack finds his neighbors medieval sword collection takes it to his hideout and tries to modify them for better range so he could protect himself.
After coming back to the basement to bury his parents and siblings he can't seem to find their bodies only a river of black blood and some of their clothes.
He got extremely anxious and couldn't believe his eyes, so he fixed his basement and locked himself inside there since it had enough rations for a few years
and was quite spacious. He didn't waste any time and began training, after a year of painful training he decides that he needs to check out the outside
since he consumed the rations too quickly. Moments after leaving his basement he sees sun for the first time in a year and is shocked to find out it changed
colors and size, immediately he feels a sharp pain in the back and collapses from the pain, when he wakes up some of his skin started to look black and started
growing weird thing out of it, he decides that he needs to know what is happening in this world and dedicated all his time to exploring the world.

Looks and features: He is a lean muscular build boy whose body started emerging strange black roots that resemble tree sprouts after seeing the sun.
He wears his late fathers black leather coat and big weird hat to remind him that you can trust nobody in these dark times.

He can't trust anyone because of his trauma with the family
Is a very dedicated and strong willed person that does what he decided

Goals: His goal is to find out what is happening with him and the world.

Likes: Little bugs because they seem the most harmless to him.

Hates: Gnome statues, he always breaks them if he seems them, also he hates almost every living being.

Face: Is usually hidden because of his fathers hat and a mask that he wears to protect himself from the sand storms.
